Denvik Technology - Git Trial and Project

Date Updated - 20/8/2023
Project Week 1 - Aug 21

Hello all. This project is to test our git knowledge and practice what we learnt the previous week.

This week, the following tasks will be tested. 
a. Cloning a remote repository, pull 
b. Change and existing file, merge, commit and push to the remote repository
c. Add a file to the project. commit and push.

Please follow the instructions below and complete the tasks, before wednesday 23 Aug.

The project link is at https://github.com/gcgovi/collaborate.git

0. It is assumed that you have installed git on your systems, before starting this task.
1. Clone the repository to your local system, pull
2. Enter your gitlab username in the section below, against your name

a. Badhri - 
b. Nandhihi - 
c. Satheesh - 
d. Sridhar - 
e. Suriya - 
f. Uma - 

3. Merge, commit and push the changes. 
    (Always pull once before the push, to make sure you have the latest code in the repo)
4. Ensure that Commit comments are added and Relevant

5. create a new text file on your local repo, and add it to the repository

6. Enter the name of the file in the section below
a. Badhri - 
b. Nandhihi - 
c. Satheesh - 
d. Sridhar - 
e. Suriya - 
f. Uma - 

7. Merge, commit and push the changes.

8. You can check the repository on gitlab to see if the changes are there. You can also see the others changes and updates. 
   If you don't see anyone elses updates, Congratulations, you were the first to complete this task!


Step-by-step instructions are added below:

1. Clone the Repository:

In a terminal, navigate to a directory where you want to store the project.
Run the command:
bash
Copy code
git clone <repository_url>
Replace <repository_url> with the URL of the repository - https://github.com/gcgovi/collaborate.git
open the directory, and check if the files are present.

2. Update Instructions.txt

Open the file <This one!> in an editor. Make the required changes.
Save the file

In the terminal, run the following commands:

git add Instructions.txt
git commit -m "<Your comment>"
git pull origin master
git push origin master


2. Make Changes and Merge:

Inside the cloned repository's directory, create the new text file 
Open the file and add some text
Save the file.

In the terminal, run the following commands:

git add <new filename>
git commit -m "<Your comment>"
git pull origin master
git push origin master
If there are no conflicts, the push should be successful.
